The first is the form of the song.
As an example, I will play the second song of the Heidn Symphony No. 11, Allegretto.
This is a form of the song in triplet.
The first melody starts with the root of the tune,
and the two bars each show a unique tone,
and the melody becomes unstable.
As an example, I will play the second melody with a stable tone.
The form of the instrument changes, but the melody remains the same.
I will play the same thing, but the melody becomes unstable,
and the melody of the second song starts again.
The melody of the second song will be extended to the fifth note of the tune,
and the melody will be more decisive.
And here, I will show the middle of the melody of the second song,
and proceed to the melody of the first song.
And this time, I will play the melody of the second song without repeating it.
Falling and scaling
The melody will return to the melody in the same shape as the second melody.
Here, I will Jung's explain breatharmoncą for the first time and end the first part.
This is the first part of the intermediate theory.
The intermediate theory is the most general part of the first part.
This is the second part of the intermediate theory.
This second part is repeated.
The end of the intermediate theory is coming.
This is the beginning of the third part.
The third part is exactly the same as the first part.
The third part is played exactly the same as the first part.
After that, the intermediate theory of the knot is solved.
However, I will not explain it in the record.